Tingting
We're not late.
Don't worry, we're all here to be Paige.
Don't be afraid child
I bet you'll be better!
Thank you. Thank you.
Thanks.
Mr. Zhou can come closer
Yes, smile, be happy, it's great.
Keep it up.
OK, change position.
You can face some lenses a little sideways, yes.
Turn your head around hey keep it
Woof!
Hey, don't move, one more knife
Okay, let's change another position
Yeah, freeze.
OK OK, Awei, thank you for your hard work.
Take a break first, and leave later.
Tingting
In your current physical condition
Should be hospitalized immediately
I don't know how
Well, haven't you found the flight yet?
I now hope that as soon as possible
Get the wedding done first
So as not to wait for the chat in the future.
What if I become ugly?
I just want to look beautiful
Isn't it good to present it at our wedding?
photographer
Can I get together with my wife?
3 is ok, no problem.
Three days.
3 years